Add Oracle RAC setup (#18473)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/exadata.md

---
title: Setting Up Database Monitoring for Oracle Exadata
kind: documentation
description: Install and configure Database Monitoring for Oracle Exadata
private: true
is_beta: true
further_reading:
- link: "/integrations/oracle/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Basic Oracle Integration"

---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported for this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">
The features described on this page are in private beta.
</div>

Database Monitoring provides deep visibility into your Oracle databases by exposing query samples to profile your different workloads and diagnose issues.

## Setup

Complete the following steps to enable Database Monitoring with your database:

### Multi-node Exadata

> Configure the Agent for each node by following the instructions for [Oracle RAC](/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/rac).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Agent for each node by following the instructions for [Oracle RAC][8].
```

### Single-node Exadata

Configure the Agent by following the instructions for [self-hosted Oracle databases][7].

### Validate

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `oracle-dbm` under the **Checks** section. Navigate to the [Databases][6] page in Datadog to get started.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/cmd/agent/dist/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml.example
[3]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging
[4]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[5]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/databases

> [7]: /database_monitoring/setup_oracle/selfhosted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[7]: /database_monitoring/setup_oracle/selfhosted
[8]: /database_monitoring/setup_oracle/rac
```

---

> title: Setting Up Database Monitoring for Oracle RAC

Reviewer: The title of this article is the same as the other one. Was that intentional, or should this instead be "Setting Up Database Monitoring for Oracle Exadata"?

kind: documentation

> description: Install and configure Database Monitoring for Oracle RAC

Reviewer: Same question/comment as above.

Author: Corrected now, thanks.

private: true
is_beta: true
further_reading:
- link: "/integrations/oracle/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Basic Oracle Integration"

---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported for this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">
The features described on this page are in private beta. Contact your Customer Success Manager for information on the required Agent build and installation instructions.
</div>

Database Monitoring provides deep visibility into your Oracle databases by exposing query samples to profile your different workloads and diagnose issues.

## Before you begin

Supported Oracle versions
: 19c, 21c

Supported Agent versions

> : For more information on the required Agent build, contact your Customer Success Manager.

Reviewer 2: Let's add the Agent build / installation information here so that we don't have to be going back and forth with the CSMs

Author: I added the latest Agent version in the main (index) page. Also, I removed the supported agent & db versions from each setup, because the information is already contained in the index page.

Author: Removed it.

## Setup

Complete the following steps to enable Database Monitoring with your database:

### Multi-node Exadata

Configure the Agent for each node by following the instructions for [Oracle RAC](/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/rac).

### Single-node Exadata

> Configure the Agent by following the instructions for [self-hosted Oracle database](/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/selfhosted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Agent by following the instructions for [self-hosted Oracle databases][7].
```

### Validate

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `oracle-dbm` under the **Checks** section. Navigate to the [Databases][6] page in Datadog to get started.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[2]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/cmd/agent/dist/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml.example
[3]: /getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging
[4]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[5]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/databases

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[7]: /database_monitoring/setup_oracle/selfhosted
```
